I am trying to change my sleeping habits because I know it's detrimental to my health and my appearance.

我正嘗試改變我的睡眠習慣，因為我知道它對我的健康與外表造成傷害。

[睡眠如何影響你的面容？(How Does Sleep Affect Your Face?)](https://tw.voicetube.com/videos/17141)

[主持人解講](https://cdn.voicetube.com/everyday_records/6762/1657619047.mp3)

Pronunciation tips:

habits
detrimental
Appearance

1.
* habit [ˋhæbɪt] (n.) 習慣
: something that you do often and regularly, sometimes without knowing that you are doing it
- I have a habit of biting my nails when I’m nervous.

2.
* detrimental [dɛtrəˋmɛnt!] (adj.) 有危害的，有損害的
: causing harm or damage
- Not getting enough sleep is detrimental to both your looks and your overall health.

3.
* appearance [əˋpɪrəns] (n.) 外表，外觀；外貌；樣子
: the way a person or thing looks to other people
- You shouldn’t judge people by their appearance.





“I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know?” ― Ernest Hemingway

How’s it going in the VoiceTube world lately? Oh man, it’s been a tough week for me. I might sound a little nasally (nasally means my voice sounds like it’s in my nose) because I’m recovering from a bad sinus infection. It was actually a big scare for me because I thought I might have finally caught Covid-19 but after testing for several days, it turns out it was probably a bad cold or maybe the flu. Either way, I was bedridden for a few days (bedridden means I was in bed all day and never got up) OK! Let’s get to the topic at hand! Sleep! How much does it actually affect your appearance? Well, I’d say a lot! I blame video games and my lack of willpower growing up. Once I was old enough (13 years of age), I started staying up playing video games all day and night. Before that, I would probably head to bed around 10pm but after video games, I’d probably stay up until 2am and wake up again around 7am. I was then known as the sleepy kid in school. Look how well I turned out! Ha! Alright, let’s get to the featured sentence first and then come back so we can talk some more!

Today’s featured sentence:
I am trying to change my sleeping habits because I know it's detrimental to my health and my appearance.

I’ll say that again.
 
I am trying to change my sleeping habits because I know it's detrimental to my health and my appearance.
 
Ok, now time for the Pronunciation Tips.
 

For the first word, we have 
habits
Two syllables.
“HA” has the short A sound and “BITS” has a short i sound. Habits. This one is easy but the next one is going to be tougher. 

Next up, we have
detrimental
Four syllables
“DE” has a short E sound. “TRI” has a short U sound. “MEN” has a short E sound and “TAL” actually sounds like “U L L”, like a “BULL” but with a T sound in front instead. Detrimental.

Lastly, we have,
Appearance
Three syllables. 
“A” has a short U sound. “PPEA” has a long E sound and “RANCE” has a short i sound and if spelt out like how it should sound would be “RINZ”. Appearance.


Moving onto Vocabulary!
 
The first word is:
1. habit
Definition
something that you do often and regularly, sometimes without knowing that you are doing it 
Used in a sentence you could say,
“I have a habit of biting my nails when I’m nervous.”

Next word,
2. detrimental
Definition
causing harm or damage
Used in a sentence, you could say:
“Not getting enough sleep is detrimental to both your looks and your overall health.”

And lastly,
3. appearance
Definition: 
the way a person or thing looks to other people 
Used in a sentence, you could say:
“You shouldn’t judge people by their appearance.”

I hope after watching this video that it will scare you straight. (scare you straight means to scare you enough to change for the better) The funny thing is, I'm writing this at almost 4 in the morning because I’m trying to catch up on all the work I held off on while I was recovering. I’m still not 100% recovered but I got to meet my deadline! I guess that’s why we lose sleep in the first place, huh? Perhaps, we should better manage our time. Let’s try to change for our health and appearance, OK? I really feel that if I got enough sleep, my skin would have been a lot nicer growing up. I used to have a lot of pimples in high school and I blame my lack of sleep for it!
Alright, get those recordings in and get some sleep if you’re doing this late at night! Until the next episode, see ya!
