You can experience superior service in Taiwan's vibrant cities or sample the slower rhythms of life in Taiwan's rustic villages.

你可以在繁華的大城市中享受頂級的服務，或是細細品嘗慢步調的台灣鄉村生活。

[你一定要知道！老外非來台灣不可的 5 個理由 (The 5 Reasons Why You Should Visit TAIWAN!!│A Laowai's View of Taiwan)](https://tw.voicetube.com/videos/18087)

[主持人解講](https://cdn.voicetube.com/everyday_records/6867/1660812737.mp3)

Pronunciation tips:



1.
* superior [səˋpɪrɪɚ] (adj.) 好於平均的，好過其他的，優越的
: 
- 

2.
* vibrant [ˋvaɪbrənt] (adj.) 活躍的；精力充沛的；熱情洋溢的
: 
- 

3.
* rustic [ˋrʌstɪk] (adj.) 粗製的；鄉村的，鄉村特色的；質樸的
: 
- 





“We came over when I was 8 from Taiwan. That was my life: going to school, working at the restaurant, playing basketball.” - Justin Lin

How’s it going, listeners of VoiceTube?! For the new listeners, welcome! Happy to have you join us on the Pronunciation Challenge. My name is Hugh, and I’ll be sticking to the topic of last week’s episode, which is the topic of Taiwan! Last episode, we covered the topic of food in Taiwan. In today’s episode, we’ll be talking about why people should visit Taiwan! Just like the speaker in today’s video, I also spent time in both Hong Kong and Taiwan! These two places are two totally different places in terms of culture. The way people speak and treat one another is very different. I’m not saying which is best because you can never compare like that. It’s just different and it really depends on what you prefer. I’ll save the topic of Hong Kong for another episode. Today, let’s get into why Taiwan is such a great place to visit! For me, there was the food, the culture, and the sights! Which one of these would I say is my favorite? Well, let’s get to the featured sentence first!

Today’s featured sentence:
You can experience superior service in Taiwan's vibrant cities or sample the slower rhythms of life in Taiwan's rustic villages.

I’ll say that again.
 
You can experience superior service in Taiwan's vibrant cities or sample the slower rhythms of life in Taiwan's rustic villages.
 
Ok, now time for the Pronunciation Tips.
 

For the first word, we have 
superior
4 syllables.
“Su” has a double O sound which goes like “school”, “pool” or “fool”. “PE” has a long E sound. “RI” also has a long E sound and “OR” has more of an “E R” combination sound. Superior.

Next up, we have
vibrant
2 syllables
“Vi” has a long i sound. “BRANT” if spelt out like how it should sound, would be something like “brint”. Vibrant. 

Lastly, we have,
rhythm
2 syllables. 
Don’t let the spelling throw you off! “Rhy” actually has a short i sound. “Thms” sounds exactly like the word, “them”, like the pronoun. Rhythm.


Moving onto Vocabulary!
 
The first word is:
1. Superior
Definition
better than average or better than other people or things of the same type 
Used in a sentence you could say,
“McDonald’s BigMac is superior to Burger King’s Whopper in my opinion.”

Next word,
2. Vibrant
Definition
energetic, exciting, and full of enthusiasm 
Used in a sentence, you could say:
“The artist used bright, vibrant colors in his paintings.”

And lastly,
3. Rustic
Definition: 
simple and often rough in appearance; typical of the countryside 
Used in a sentence, you could say:
“The village had a nice rustic charm to it.”

Ok, so my favorite part of Taiwan would definitely be the culture! I love exploring Taiwan because there’s such a unique history to this place. Each place from Taipei all the way down to Kaosiung was so interesting. Aside from acting, I’m also a filmmaker. I tell you listeners this because the environment is so important in any film. The environment is a character in itself! I must say, Taiwan looks beautiful on film! You have the big city like Taipei and then you have Taitung which is more in the countryside and then you have something right in the middle, which is fittingly called Taichung. (The name literally means the middle of Taiwan) I actually preferred Taichung the most. The weather was pretty nice there compared to the rainy weather in Taipei. 

My Taiwanese listeners! Which part of Taiwan would you suggest that foreigners visit?! There are so many places I want to visit. One of my dreams is to ride a motorcycle all across Taiwan so I can stop at little villages along the way to try their food!
Alright, it’s time to end today’s episode. Get those recordings in, if you haven’t done so already. Hit me up on Instagram if you want to follow my adventures @hughtran_. I’m currently back in Toronto, Canada. I just returned from Quebec City doing some whale watching! So cool! Ok, until the next episode, see ya!