There's a lot of potential that's unrealized for using timber at a very large scale. Throughout history, buildings have been made of wood. But it has one major drawback: it acts as kindling.

木材的大規模使用還有很多尚未發掘的潛力。綜觀歷史，木材一直以來都是建材。但它有一個很大的缺點：它會著火。

句子選自此影片 : 【經濟學人】木材在未來可能是摩天大樓的主要建材 (Wooden skyscrapers could be the future for cities | The Economist)

-------------------------------

/n/ 舌頭頂尖貼上牙齦(前上)，其他部位不要碰上面(不要整個舌頭貼上去)，震動位置在舌尖(表示氣流有到)
ng /ŋ/ 舌頭後方貼軟顎(後上)，舌尖躺下面可碰下牙齒
小訣: thin +呢 thing +個

There's a lot of potential that's unrealized(強) for using timber at a very large scale. Throughout history, buildings have been made of wood(強). But it has one major drawback: it acts(強) as kindling.
*short oo[ʊ]: wood 
-----------------------------


It’s talking about the possibility of having the wooden skyscrapers. So it turns out it might be possible to build a very tall building with wood. 

Well, I don’t know anything about construction and architecture, so my first reaction was whether the wood would be strong enough? The second question is one that everybody would be wondering about - which is the question of fires. 

Thankfully, this video addressed (提出，處理)both concerns. I’m convinced(我被說服了）. I don’t know if you will be so you can watch this video and see for yourself.

Note that the pronunciation between Thin and Thing.

Unrealized (未實現的）means something that was never accomplished, finished.

*unrealized gains未實現的利得（會計）

I had unrealized potential.（我有未被發現的潛力）My skill of singing is unrealized.

*unaware（+of)不知道的，未查知到的
*He was unaware of my coming.他不知道我的到來。

Timber(木材） is wood that has been cut down and it’s ready to be used for building.

Drawback(短處）is simply a disadvantage or a negative aspect “of” a situation. 

Vancouver is a wonderful city to living but one drawback is (that) it’s raining all the time.

The restaurant is great but the only drawback is that the seating is uncomfortable.

Kindling (點火，引火物)is like a collection of small twigs(細枝，樹枝） or other small flammable materials that are gathered together to start a fire.
