So, you're on your own at 13. That's pretty exciting, to be completely independent and a witch? Impressive!

所以你 13 歲就自力更生。聽起來真有趣，成為一個完全獨立的女巫？真令人佩服！

[童年回憶片段｜宮崎駿動畫魔女宅急便 Kiki's Delivery Service（Kiki's Delivery Service | Kiki Meets Ursula (Clip) ?‍ | HBO Max Family）](https://tw.voicetube.com/videos/166113)

[主持人解講](https://cdn.voicetube.com/everyday_records/6308/1645008482.mp3)

Pronunciation tips:



1.
* exciting [ɪkˋsaɪtɪŋ] (adj.) 令人興奮的；使人激動的；刺激的
: 
- 

2.
* independent [͵ɪndɪˋpɛndənt] (adj.) 獨立的
: 
- 

3.
* impressive [ɪmˋprɛsɪv] (adj.) （因特殊、重要或巨大而）給人留下深刻印象的
: 
- 





“Stop trying. Take long walks. Look at scenery. Doze off at noon. Don’t even think about flying. And then, pretty soon, you’ll be flying again.” – Ursula 

What’s up my fellow Voicetube listeners! Today, I’ll be presenting a clip from a film that holds a very special place in my heart. That would be my favorite Ghibli film of all time, Kiki’s Delivery Service! I know it’s not the most popular Ghibli film out there and I’ll tell you why it’s my favorite after we finish with the featured sentence. What’s your favorite Ghibli film of all time? It’s actually weird watching these clips in English because I grew up watching all these films in Cantonese! Ok, let’s move on to the featured sentence and I’ll tell you why Kiki’s Delivery Service is my all-time favorite Ghibli film!

Today’s featured sentence:
So, you're on your own at 13. That's pretty exciting, to be completely independent and a witch? Impressive!

I’ll say that again.
 
So, you're on your own at 13. That's pretty exciting, to be completely independent and a witch? Impressive!
 
Ok, now time for the Pronunciation Tips.
 

For the first word, we have 
Exciting
Three syllables.
The first syllable, “EX”, simply say the letter X. With “CI”, just say “sigh” like you’re sighing. “TING” is simply your typical “i n g” ending with a T in front. If you want to say it with a North American accent, replace the T sound with a D sound instead. Exciting.

Next up, we have
Independent
Four syllables
“IN” is simply in and out. “DE” has a short U sound. “PEN” is like the pen you write with. “DENT” has a short i sound. Independent.

Lastly, we have,
Impressive
Three syllables. 
“Im” has a short i sound. “Pre” has a short E sound. “Ssive” sounds like the word “live” but with an S instead of an L sound in front. Impressive.


Moving onto Vocabulary!
 
The first word is:
1. Exciting
Definition
making you feel excited
Used in a sentence you could say,
“The Raptors and Nuggets game was so exciting last night!”

Next word,
2. Independent
Definition
not influenced or controlled in any way by other people, events, or things 
Used in a sentence, you could say:
“I learned how to be independent once I moved out of my mom’s house.”

And lastly,
3. Impressive
Definition: 
If an object or achievement is impressive, you admire or respect it, usually because it is special, important, or very large. 
Used in a sentence, you could say:
“Bobby was really impressive with his performance today.”

Ok, so as much as I want to place My Neighbor Totoro, Spirited Away, or even Princess Mononoke as my all-time favorites, I chose Kiki because that film made me feel like I was living in a town by the ocean. It also made me think back to the time I moved out of my parents’ home at the age of 20 and ended up on the other side of the world (Hong Kong). It was scary and I got home sick many times. I cried many nights but after a while, I started to become more independent and happier. Those feelings Kiki was feeling, I felt too. We all have to grow up eventually and in order to do so, we must leave our comfort zones sometimes.

Alright, watching this clip brought back a lot of old memories. I’m going to rewatch the film after this episode! If you haven’t watched this film yet, make sure you do! Make sure you get your recordings in before doing so though! Alright, until the next episode, see ya!