Word is, it got the name California Roll because it was so popular with people who came to his restaurant from L.A.

據說它得名加州捲是因為它廣受到從洛杉磯來到他的餐廳的人的歡迎。

句子選自此影片 : 加州捲不是在加州發明的？! 風靡世界的日本壽司 (The California Roll Was Invented in Canada)
...................................................

Spring, it is the season which all creatures come back to life.

All the flowers and trees blossom(盛開；茂盛 ）at the fullest.

The weather is warm and the sky is blue. The sun is bright and the breeze is new. Everything is beautiful.

The man of our story, Ming has been looking forward to this day to come. He and his friend are on the trip to Hualien, a beautiful paradise where the mountains are spiritual(精神狀態的；心靈的）and the rivers are sparkling (閃耀的).

They’re up for thrilling rafting(興奮的泛舟) challenge today and they have been planning for the trip for a long, long time.

* “up for it” means keen and willing to try something out. 比較不正式，你也可以說I’m up!表示我準備好了！

Ming has been anticipating forever since forever cause it’s his very first time.

*since forever ：強調很久之前

You wonder what’s gonna happen(你好奇接下來會發生什麼事）. Will there be any other beautiful girls? And if the accident happens and the raft flips over(翻船/泛舟）, maybe he can probably save the girl and become a hero, might even win her heart(可能贏得她的心）.

Since his last breakup, he has been single for almost 8 years. It’s time for him to finally move on. So this trip is especially special for him.

*gear up for something:為了某事準備好

*buckle up the life vest:繫上;綁上救生衣

*gears: 裝備；從事某活動的用具、衣服

*walk up to：走向；走近

*pack up: 收工；停止；不做了
*Ex: It’s time to pack up and head home.

A.k.a. : 也就是；as known as 

1-1. (the) word is (phr.) 據說；據報道

The word is that Ming has been single for way too long(據說小明單身太久了）. So the purpose of this trip was for him to seek a partner.

1-2. rumor has it (phr.) 大家都說；據謠傳說；有傳言說
Rumour has it...謠傳⋯

Rumour has it that Ming has been single for so long because he just couldn’t get over(放不下) his ex-girlfriend.

I’m over her. 我已經忘記/不想她了

2-1. popular with (phr.) 受...喜愛的；受...歡迎的
I’m surprised that Ming stays single for so long cause as far as I remembered(據我瞭解), he is actually very popular with the girls at school.

