If you're really pleased about something, you can say, "I'm dead chuffed."

如果你因為某件事情感到很高興，你可以說：「我真是欣喜若狂。」

[一分鐘學會Dead Chuffed 的意思！ (Dead Chuffed - English Explainers)](https://tw.voicetube.com/videos/160869)

[主持人解講](https://cdn.voicetube.com/everyday_records/5880/1629012178.mp3)

Pronunciation tips:



1.
* pleased [pliːzd] (adj.) 高興的；滿意的
: 
- 

2.
* dead [ded] (adj.) 非常的
: 
- 

3.
* chuffed [tʃʌft] (adj.) 高興的；滿意的
: 
- 





[Transcript]

Hey folks, Ken here. Today we’re gonna learn a few different ways to express being very happy in English. Now, obviously, the easiest one you can say is “very happy”, or “so happy”. But c’mon, we all know that’s elementary level, you surely didn’t come to VoiceTube for that. 

Now, for starters, instead of using the word “happy”, you can use words such as “pleased”, “delighted”, or if you’re extremely happy, you can use "thrilled". For example you can say, “I’m pleased to be here today.”, “Vicky is delighted with her new job”, and of course, “She was more than thrilled to be invited to the party”. These are words that people use very commonly, which are great replacements for “happy”, because you know, we could sound a little dumb if we keep repeating “Happy..happy...”. 

But, if you’re using it in an essay, you wanna sound a bit more sophisticated and well-educated, here are some GRE level vocabulary words for you, as I’m currently studying them myself. You can try using words such as: 

“ecstatic”, “John was ecstatic when he heard that he was going to be a father.”
“elated”, which sounds like the elate pudding you can buy if you visit Tainan, very delicious, makes you elated. So for example you can say, “She was elated to be selected for the national Olympic team”.
And last but not least, here’s another word you can use, “exhilarated”.
“The people of Taiwan were exhilarated when team Chinese Taipei won an Olympic gold medal”.
There’s actually a bunch more vocabulary words to express being very happy, leave me a comment down below if you wanna learn some more.

And finally, here’s a pretty cool expression to tell people you’re very happy, which is “dead chuffed”. “Chuffed” is an informal word, which means pleased or happy. For example, “John was chuffed to see his old friend Tom again.” And “dead” is a common way of saying "really", which is an informal British English. We usually use "dead" before an adjective, for example, "It's dead hot today." (It’s very hot today.) So, after learning so many happy words, are you dead chuffed?

Here’s our sentence of the day:

If you're really pleased about something, you can say, "I'm dead chuffed."

And now let’s take a look at the vocab we’ve got here…
Actually, we’ve covered sooo many vocabulary words today
You can find them in the transcript section down below.

Good news folks, it seems that the CNN10 show will be back next week.
Good to have my old job back, bringing you something new and only on VoiceTube.
This is Ken Miao, I’m dead chuffed, and I’ll see you guys again next week.