Hello and welcome to today's pronunciation challenge. My name is Daniel. Today is Sunday and I hope everybody had a very good week. Today's show is going to be a little bit different. We're going to be doing a new type of show on Sundays. It will have more of an international outlook, and no Chinese. But don't panic, I will try to speak slower for you guys. Anyway, we hope you enjoy, and please can you give us any feedback at all.

So, before we get started, I'd like to talk about Pokemon Go, (laugh). It seems that the whole world has gone crazy for this new game. I have seen videos of big crowds chasing rare Pokemon, traffic jams and people chase new Pokemon to catch. I downloaded it, but I live in Taiwan, where the game is not yet available, so there's nothing to catch. But I hope it's released here in the future because I think it's a very fun game to play.

But now let's have a look at today's topic. So today's video is about why people travel? Why do people go to strange new places and have new experiences? I have been to many different countries, and the greatest thing about traveling is the local people. Learning about someone else's story, not just staying in the hotel or going to the beach, never talking to a local person. I think it's much more interesting to learn about people and their lives, more interesting than just getting a suntan at the hotel pool or maybe buying a keyring from a shop you just give to someone else.

But anyway, that's just me, maybe you guys have different opinions. You can write in the comment box and let us know. But let's have a look at today's sentence.


1-1 travel (v.)
def. To go on a trip or a journey to go to a place, and especially one that is far away.
ex. I want to travel to all the continents before I'm forty years old.

1-2 traveler (n.)
def. Someone who is traveling or who travels often.
ex. Airports are usually full of travelers.

1-3 traveled (adj.)
def. Having traveled to many different places.
ex. He has been to over one hundred countries in his life. He is very well-traveled.

1-4 traveling (adj.)
def. Going to different places instead of staying in one place.
ex. When you are traveling, you meet a lot of interesting people from all over the world.

2-1 experience (n.)
def. The process of doing and seeing things and of having things happen to you.
ex. He is only sixteen years old. He doesn't have much experience.

2-2 experienced (adj.)
def. Having skill or knowledge from doing something.
ex. The job advertisement stated that only experienced applicants need apply.

2-3 experiment (n.)
def. A scientific test in which you perform a series of actions and carefully observe the effects in all that to learn about something.
ex. The experiment ended badly after he mixed the wrong chemicals.

3-1 learn (v.)
def. To gain knowledge or skill by studying, practicing, being taught or experiencing something.
ex. You should always learn from your mistakes, so you don't make the same mistake more than once.

3-2 learning (n.)
def. The activity or process of gaining knowledge or skill by studying, practicing, being taught or experiencing something.
ex. There are many different methods of learning English. Pronunciation challenge is one of them.

3-3 learner (n.)
def. A person who learns.
ex. He is a very slow learner. You have to explain everything to him very slowly.

4-1 story (n.)
def. A description of how something happened.
ex. This movie is based on a true story.

4-2 story (n.)
def. A group of rooms or an area that forms one floor level of an building.
ex. The Empire State Building has one hundred and two stories.

5-1 life (n.)
def. The experience of being alive.
ex. I tried to record all the important moments in my life in a diary.

5-2 liven (v.)
def. To make something more lively, interesting or exciting.
ex. We should invite my friend to the party. He always livens up everything.

5-3 lively (adj.)
def. Very active and energetic.
ex. This party is very lively. We should come here more often.


Okay, that's the end of today's challenge, everybody. Remember to leave your comments, pronunciations. What can you think about today's topic? Do you think traveling is about experiencing new things? Or just about going to the beach and having fun? I'm interested to know everybody's opinions. Okay, so that's it, everybody. I'll see you all again next time, bye bye.