Hello and welcome to today's pronunciation challenge. My name is Daniel. Today is Wednesday, so we're half way through the week, nearly time for the weekend. I hope everyone is having a good week.
Today's video is Last Week Tonight with John Oliver, and it's Independence Day (Web Exclusive). So, I don't know if anyone has seen John Oliver's TV show, Last Week Tonight, but I think I watch it a lot, and it's pretty funny. (He's pretty) He's a really funny comedian, I think. John Oliver is from the United Kingdom, and I think he's really funny, so I really recommend watching the show. And he's talking about Independence Day, and so in America, (you know) they [d..?] celebrated the Independence Day with fireworks and eating lots of food and parties, but he's saying, but what about if America has stayed being a part of Britain, then (you could have) they could have been speaking like this, with my accents, and it sounds like he's just having a bit of fun with the accents. That's pretty funny, I think.
But today's sentence is: These beautiful vowel sounds could have been yours, but instead, from sea to shining sea, you speak like you just burnt your tongue on a hot apple pie. (x2)


1-1 vowel 母音 (n.)
def. A speech sound made with your mouth open and your tongue in the middle of your mouth, not touching your teeth and lips etcetera, so that's a, e, i, o, u.
ex. The Welsh language doesn't have many vowels in its alphabets.

1-2 vow 誓言 (v.)
def. To make a serious promise to do something or to behave in a certain way.
ex. In the movie Taken, Liam Neeson's character vowed to find his daughter when she was kidnapped.

1-3 consonant 子音 (n.)
def. A speech sound such as /p/, /t/, /s/, that is made by [partly?] or completely stop in the flow of air breathed out from the mouth.
ex. The letter x is a consonant.

2-1 shining 光亮的 (a.)
def. Producing or reflecting a bright steady light.
ex. The sun is shining in my eyes, so I can't see.

2-2 shine 發光 (v.)
ex. The moon does not shine, it reflects the light from the sun.

2-3 shiny 發光的 (a.)
def. Having a smooth shining, bright appearance.
ex. Her face looks very shiny today, I wonder what her secret is.

2-4 shininess 閃亮 (n.)
def. Having a smooth shining, bright appearance.
ex. Shininess often makes objects look more expensive and of higher-quality.

3-1 burnt 燙到 (v.)
ex. I burnt my toast this morning, so now I can't have any breakfast.

3-2 burned 燙到 (v.)
ex. I burned my toast this morning, so now I can't have any breakfast.

3-3 burn 燒毀 (v.)
def. To destroy or damage something by fire or heat.
ex. In my city, it's illegal to burn leaves without permission.

3-4 burning 燃燒的 (a.)
def. On fire, producing or having a flame.
ex. That building is burning, someone call the fire brigade(消防隊). 

4-1 tongue 舌頭 (n.)
def. The soft movable part in the mouth that is used for tasting.
ex. The food was so spicy that my tongue feels like it's on fire.

4-2 tongs 夾子 (n.)
def. A tool used for lifting or holding objects that is made of two long pieces connected at one end or in the middle.
ex. That underwear is filthy(dirty), use the tongs to pick it up.

5-1 sounds 聲音 (n.)
def. Something that is heard.
ex. I heard a loud buzzing sound. There must be a bee nearby.

5-2 sound 使發聲 (v.)
def. To cause something to make a sound or be heard.
ex. When the horn sounds, the race will begin.

5-3 sound 健康的 (a.)
def. In good condition or solid and strong.
ex. This car looks in sound condition, I'll give you NT$1,000,000 (one million NT dollars).

6-1 beautiful 美麗的 (a.)
def. Very attractive in a physical way.
ex. Yangmingshan is very beautiful in the spring time.

6-2 beauty 美麗 (n.)
def. The quality of being physically attractive.
ex. Her beauty helps her to stand out in the crowd.

6-3 beautify 美化 (v.)
def. To make something beautiful or more beautiful.
ex. The government decided to spend money to beautify the park.


Okay, now let's go to the slang sentence of the week, and today's word I'm going to choose is: tongs, and the slang:

go at it hammer and tongs 激烈爭吵
def. In a very forceful and energetic way.
ex. Our neighbors were arguing again last night. They were going at it hammer and tongs.


Okay everybody, that's the end of today's challenge, so let's hear the sentence one more time. (略) Okay everyone, that's the end of today's challenge. Remember to leave all your comments and pronunciations and the videos, and I'll see you all again next time. Bye bye.