Hi guys! My name is Kristi. You’re listening to today’s pronunciation challenge. So welcome! It’s on Monday. I know everyone hates Mondays, because I hate Mondays too. But today we have a video which called “The science of Internet Trolls”. Maybe you can’t really tell what this video from solely the English title, but Internet trolls can be translated into Chinese which is 網路酸民. So we all know that there are a lot of people going on the Internet every day, and they publish very mean comments and stuff. And this video is about it. Let’s take a look because there are actually science and psychology behind
#1 . trait 特徵、特點
1.1 trait (n.)特徵、特點(書、電影)
characteristic 不帶有任何突顯的描素一個人的個性
One of the traits of movies such as the Hunger Game is that they use female as a main character in a dystopian(反烏托邦的) world.
1.2 portrait (n.)描繪、描寫
This book portraits seamy(醜陋的) negativity of humanity.人性的黑暗面
#2 . regular 規則的
2.1 regular (adj.)規則的; 頻繁的
regular 正常size杯 regular ice and sugar正常冰、甜度regular of the store 常客
2.2 regularly (adv.)有規律地
I do yoga regularly.
#3 . personality 個性
3.1 personality (n.)個性
I personally think that when I see a girl it is the personality that matters.
3.2 personal (adj.)私人的
You should never go through my personal stuffs without my permission.
3.3 person (n.)人
I think he is a very positive person.
#4 . anonymity 匿名性4.1 anonymity (n.)匿名性4.2 anonymous (adj.)匿名的
#5 . antisocial不愛交際的5.1 antisocial (adj.)不愛交際的5.2 antibiotics (n.)抗生素5.3 antivirus (n.)防毒(軟體)antivirus software
#6 . individual 個人的
6.1 individual (adj.)個人的
This is an individual studio.
#7 . similar 相似的
7.1 similar (adj.)相似的
We have pretty similar opinions in terms of Euthanasia(安樂死).
7.2 similarity (n.)相似之處
The similarity between you two is uncanny(difficult or impossible to explain).
7.3 simile (n.)明喻 ；(反義字)metaphor暗喻
7.4 smile (n.)笑
Alright, that’s it for today’s pronunciation challenge. You guys could talk about Internet trolls or have you ever encounter this kind of stuff. Were people just leaving mean comments or anything?