If you want to be a ninja at getting things done, you need a system.

如果你想跟忍者一樣俐落完成任務，你需要有系統。

句子選自此影片 : 超實用！教你如何把事情做好！ (How to Get Things Done!)
.....................................................

I have to admit I sometimes get sidetracked(我有是被其它事耽擱了）.

*I was sidetracked by some old photos.我被ㄧ些舊照片吸引住。

You might also procrastinate when the project looks very difficult.

*I might also procrastinate a bit in the morning when the pronunciation challenge looks rather long and difficult...

I’ll beak it down in steps （解析步驟）and do research and finish the project one step at a time(ㄧ次ㄧ個步驟完成項目).

I’ll plan with a team and collaborate with (與⋯合作) the team to achieve our common goals.

So I think planing determination and collaboration are the keys to success.

Break a project into tiny or small steps.將計劃細分步驟

A zero conditional 零條件句。Both clauses you use simply present and you use it to describe something will happen for certain. 用來承述事實的狀況、科學現象。

Sure your goal can change down the road (ㄧ路上你當然能改變目標）when you are doing research but at least have a clear idea of what you want to achieve.

I usually pick goals that make a greatest use of my strong points.

*make use of 使用;藉由

*I always make use of the time in the early morning to practice pronunciation challenge.

Having diverse knowledge (不同的知識)in multiple domains(多元的領域) is necessary for our work today.
........................................

1-1. random [ˋrændəm] (adj.) 任意的；隨機的；胡亂的
- Happening, done or chosen by chance(隨機/任意的）.
random checks/tests/attacks

We asked a random sample/ selection of people what they thought.

at random 
Contestants (參賽者）will be chosen at random (隨機地)from the audience.

2-1. overwhelm [͵ovɚˋhwɛlm] (v.) (用武力) 制服；擊敗；征服
To be overwhelemed by sth
The Romans were overwhelmed (被武力擊敗）by the opposing army.

He was overwhelmed (情緒激動) with happiness/grief(悲痛）/sadness.

*I was overwhelmed by the yoga class last week. It was a bit challenging and wasn’t thought to be basic for most of the students though.

3-1. systematic [͵sɪstəˋmætɪk] (adj.) 有條理的；有系統的；有計劃的
a systematic way/method
We got to be more systematic(我們應該更有條理的） in the way that we approach (著手處理)this task.

We hear reports of the systematic torture of prisoners.我們聽到有報導提及囚犯受到系統性的折磨。

4-1. brainstorm [ˋbren͵stɔrm] (v.) 自由討論；集思廣益；腦力震盪
Brainstorm solutions / ideas 腦力激盪解決的方案/想法

The team got together to brainstorm the project.

5-1. series [ˋsiriz] (n.) 一連串；一系列 (複數與單數同型)
a series of sth.
She gave us a series of lectures last year on British lectures.她去年舉行ㄧ系列的英國講座

6-1. procrastination [pro͵kræstəˋneʃən] (n.) 拖延時間
People often procrastinate when they have to do something difficult.

People often procrastinate when it comes to paperwork(當有關於文書工作時）.
